1 
Colorado Supplement 
Table of Contents 
Colorado Supplement ......................................................................... 1 
General Information .......................................................................... 2 
About This Colorado Supplement ....................................................... 2 
Commitment to Diversity .................................................................... 2 
Equal Employment Opportunity ......................................................... 2 
Equal Pay for Equal Work Act ............................................................ 3 
Pregnancy Accommodation............................................................... 4 
General Employment Practices............................................................. 4 
Access to Personnel Files ................................................................. 4 
Time Off and Leaves of Absence .......................................................... 5 
Adoption Leave .............................................................................. 5 
Paid Family Medical Leave ................................................................ 6
Jury Duty Leave ........................................................................... 12 
Crime Victim Leave ....................................................................... 13 
Domestic Violence Victim Leave ...................................................... 13 
Time Off to Vote ........................................................................... 14 
Military Leave .............................................................................. 14 
Civil Air Patrol Leave ..................................................................... 15 
Volunteer Firefighters Leave ........................................................... 15 
Qualified Volunteers Leave ............................................................. 16 
Paid Sick and Safe Leave and Public Health Emergency Leave .............. 16 
Pay Practices .................................................................................. 22 
Meal and Rest Breaks .................................................................... 22 
Overtime..................................................................................... 23 
Lactation Accommodation .............................................................. 24 
Discussion of Wages...................................................................... 24 
Safety and Security ......................................................................... 24 
Smoke-Free Workplace .................................................................. 24 
Cell Phone Use/Texting While Driving ............................................... 25 
Colorado Overtime and Minimum Pay Standards Order (COMPS Order) 
Poster ........................................................................................... 26 

2 
General Information 
About This Colorado Supplement 
Mountain  State  Financial  Group is  committed  to  workplace  policies  and 
practices  that  comply  with  federal, state,  and  local  laws.  For  this  reason, 
Colorado  employees  will  receive  the main handbook and  the  Colorado 
Supplement to the Handbook (together, the "Employee Handbook"). 
The Colorado Supplement, however, applies only to Colorado employees. It is 
intended as a resource containing specific provisions derived under Colorado 
law that apply to the employee's employment. It should be read together with 
the main handbook  and,  to  the  extent  that  the  policies  in  the  Colorado 
Supplement  are  different  from, or  more generous  than  those  in  the main 
handbook, the policies in the Colorado Supplement will apply.  
The Colorado Supplement is  not  intended to  create a  contract of continued 
employment or  alter  the  at-will  employment relationship. Only  the  Chief 
Executive Officers have the authority to enter into an agreement that 
alters the  at-will employment relationship, and any such  agreement 
must be in writing and signed by the Chief Executive Officers and the 
employee. 
Commitment to Diversity 
Equal Employment Opportunity 
The Company  is committed  to  equal  employment  opportunity  and  to 
compliance with federal antidiscrimination laws. We also comply with Colorado 
law, which prohibits discrimination and harassment against any employees or 
applicants  for employment based on  disability,  race (including  hair texture, 
hair type or protective hairstyles commonly or historically associated with race 
(e.g., braids, locs, twists, tight coils or curls, cornrows, bantu knots, afros and 
headwraps)), color, creed, sex (including pregnancy), religion, age (over 40), 
national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, marital 
status, ancestry, state National Guard status, civil air patrol status and lawful 
activities during nonworking hours. The Company also does not discriminate 
against  qualified  applicants  because  they  did  not  apply  through  a  private 
employment agency.  

3 
The Company will not tolerate discrimination or harassment based upon these 
characteristics  or  any  other  characteristic protected  by  applicable  federal, 
state, or local law. 
Harassment under the Colorado Anti-Discrimination Act (CADA) means any 
unwelcome physical or verbal conduct or any written, pictorial or visual 
communication directed at an individual or group because of their actual or 
perceived protected characteristic(s). The conduct must be both subjectively 
offensive to the individual alleging harassment and objectively offensive to a 
reasonable person with the same protected characteristic. In contrast to 
federal law, the conduct need not be severe or pervasive to violate the 
CADA. 
Harassment violates the CADA if: 
•Submission to the conduct or communication is explicitly or implicitly
made a term or condition of the individual's employment;
•Submission to, objection to, or rejection of the conduct or
communication is used as a basis for employment decisions affecting
the individual; or
•The conduct or communication has the purpose or effect of
unreasonably interfering with the individual's work performance or
creating an intimidating, hostile or offensive working environment.
Equal Pay for Equal Work Act 
The  company  takes  its  obligation  to  provide  equal  pay  for  equal  work 
seriously.  The company has a strong policy against discrimination of any kind, 
including prohibiting discrimination based on sex (which means an employee’s 
gender identity). This  includes paying an  employee of one sex a wage rate 
less than the rate paid to an employee of different sex for substantially similar 
work.  As required by Colorado law, wage rate differentials will only be based 
on  the  following  reasonably  applied  factors:  a  seniority  system;  a  merit 
system; a system that measures earnings by quantity or quality of production; 
the geographic location where the work is performed; education, training, or 
experience to the extent that such factors are reasonably related to the work 
in question; and/or travel, if the travel is a regular and necessary condition of 
the work performed. 
All employees have the right to discuss or disclose their wage rate with other 
employees, and  no employee should  be subject to  discipline,  retaliation,  or 
other  adverse action  because  that  employee  inquired  about,  disclosed, 

4 
compared, or otherwise discussed the employee’s compensation. Employees 
who  believe  they  have  been  unlawfully  discriminated  against  with  their 
compensation or have experienced or witnessed a violation of this policy must 
promptly  report  the  matter  in  writing  to the  HR  Compliance  Manager. 
 Employees should freely raise concerns and make truthful reports of unlawful 
pay discrimination or violations of this policy to the HR Compliance Manager 
without fear of retaliation.  Supervisors must immediately report any incidents 
of unlawful pay discrimination or violations of this policy to the HR Compliance 
Manager as well.  The company will investigate all complaints and will take 
appropriate corrective action, up to and including termination of employment. 
Pregnancy Accommodation 
Employees  and  applicants  for  employment  may  request  a  reasonable 
accommodation for  health  conditions  related  to  pregnancy or  the  physical 
recovery from childbirth.  The Company will  provide a requested reasonable 
accommodation that would enable the employee or applicant to perform the 
essential  functions  of  the  job  unless  the  accommodation would  impose  an 
undue hardship on the company's business operations. 
Reasonable  accommodations  may  include  but  are  not  limited  to:  more 
frequent or  longer  breaks; more frequent restroom, food or  water breaks; 
acquisition  or  modification  of  equipment  or  seating;  limitations  on  lifting; 
temporary transfer to a less strenuous or less hazardous position, if available, 
with  return to  the current position  after pregnancy; job  restructuring;  light 
duty, if available; assistance with manual labor; or a modified work schedule. 
The  Company  may  require  that  employees  provide  a  certification  from  a 
licensed health care provider regarding the medical necessity of a reasonable 
accommodation. 
The  Company  will  not  deny  employment  opportunities  or  take  adverse 
employment actions against  employees or otherwise qualified applicants for 
employment  because  they  request  or  use  reasonable  accommodations  in 
accordance with this policy. 
Employees who  have questions  about  this  policy  or who  wish  to  request a 
reasonable accommodation under this policy should contact their immediate 
supervisor, or the HR Compliance Manager.  
General Employment Practices 
Access to Personnel Files 
Upon request,  employees will  be allowed  to  inspect  their  personnel files  at 
least one time per year. Employees who wish to review their personnel files 

5 
should contact the HR Compliance Manager. The review will  take place in the 
presence of a Company representative at a time that is  convenient for both 
the employee and the Company. Employees are permitted to obtain a copy of 
their  personnel  files  but  may  be  required  to  pay  reasonable costs  for  the 
duplication of the documents. 
Following separation from employment, former employees may inspect and/or 
obtain a copy of their personnel files one time. The former employee may be 
required to pay reasonable costs for duplication of the documents. 
For  purposes  of  this  policy,  a  personnel  file  does  not  include  documents 
required by law to be placed in a separate file or records relating to: 
•Confidential reports from previous employers of the employee;
•An active criminal investigation;
•An  active  disciplinary  investigation  by  the  Company  or  an  active
investigation by a regulatory agency; and
•Information  that  identifies  an  individual  who  made  a confidential
accusation against the employee.
Time Off and Leaves of Absence 
Adoption Leave 
Employees who are adoptive parents will be permitted to take leave under the 
same terms as leave provided to biological parents for the adoption of a child. 
Requests for additional leave due to the adoption of an ill child or child with a 
disability  will  be  considered  on  the  same  basis  as  comparable  cases  of 
complications accompanying the birth of a child. 
This policy does not apply to adoption by the  spouse of a custodial parent or 
to second-parent adoption. 
For  further  information or  to  request leave  under  this  policy, contact  their 
immediate supervisor and the HR Compliance Manager.  

6 
Paid Family Medical Leave 
In accordance with the Colorado Paid Family and Medical Leave Insurance 
(FAMLI) Act, eligible employees may be entitled to a leave of absence 
with partial wage replacement benefits from the Colorado Department of 
Labor and Employment, Division of Family and Medical Leave Insurance 
(Division) to care for their own serious health condition, care for a family 
member with a serious health condition, bond with a new child, assist 
with obligations that arise when a family member is called into active 
military service, or addressthe  immediate  safety needs and  impact of
domestic  violence and/or sexual assault. 
Please access the FAMLI Website for specific details:
https://famli.colorado.gov/individuals-and-families - (June 2025)

12 
Jury Duty Leave 
The Company encourages all employees to fulfill their civic responsibilities and 
to   respond  to   jury  service  summons  or  subpoenas,  attend  court  for 
prospective  jury  service  or  serve  as  a  juror.  Under  no  circumstances will 
employees  be   deprived  of   any   benefits   of   employment,  terminated, 
threatened,  harassed,  or  coerced because  they  request  or  take  leave  in 
accordance with this policy.  
Employees will  receive their  regular compensation up  to $50 per day, unless 
otherwise  agreed  to  by  the  Company,  during  the  first  three  days  of  jury 
service. This includes part-time, casual, and temporary employees, so long as 
their employment hours can be determined by a schedule, custom or practice 
established  during  the  three-month  period  preceding  jury  service.  Any 
additional time off under this  policy will  be without pay, except that exempt 
employees will  not incur any reduction in pay for a partial week absence due 
to jury duty.  
Employees  seeking  compensation  for  jury  duty  leave  must  provide  a  juror 
service  certificate  from  the  court  as  soon  as  practical.  The  Company  will 
compensate the  employee in  accordance with  this  policy  within  30  days  of 
receiving the service certificate.  
Employees should provide their supervisor with notice of any jury summons 
or subpoena within a reasonable amount of time after receipt and before 
their appearance is required.  

13 
Crime Victim Leave 
Employees may take time  off from work for the  purpose of  responding to a 
subpoena to testify in a criminal proceeding or to participate in the preparation 
of a criminal proceeding, if: 
•The employee is a victim of the crime at issue in the proceeding;
•The employee is  the crime victim's spouse, child by birth or adoption,
stepchild, parent, stepparent, sibling, legal guardian or significant other
(i.e., someone in a family-type living arrangement who would constitute
the spouse or partner of the victim if they were married); or
•The victim is deceased or incapacitated, and the employee is the victim's
spouse, partner, parent, child, sibling, grandparent, significant other or
other lawful representative.
Employees,  who  are  in  custody  for  the  crime,  accused  of  the  crime  or 
otherwise accountable for the  crime, are not eligible  for time off under  this 
policy. 
Leave under this  policy will be unpaid except that exempt employees will not 
incur any reduction in pay for a partial week absence due to witness duty.  
Domestic Violence Victim Leave 
Employees  who  are  victims  of  domestic  violence,  including  sexual  abuse, 
stalking, sexual assault, or any other crime including an act found by a court 
to be domestic violence, may take up to three working days of unpaid leave 
time within a 12-month period. Only employees employed with the Company 
for 12 or more months are eligible for this leave.  
Employees may use leave available under this policy to: 
•Seek a civil protection order to prevent domestic abuse;
•Obtain medical care and/or medical health counseling for the employee
or the employee's children to address physical or psychological injuries
resulting  from the  act of  domestic abuse, stalking,  sexual assault,  or
other crime involving domestic violence;
•Make the employee's home secure from the perpetrator of the crime or
seek new housing to escape the perpetrator; or
•Seek  legal  assistance  to  address  issues  arising  from  the  crime  and
attend and prepare for court-related proceedings arising from the act or
crime.

 
14 
 
Except in a case of imminent danger, an employee seeking leave from work 
under this policy must provide the Company with advance notice of the leave. 
In addition, the Company may require the employee to provide documentation 
verifying the need for the leave.  
Confidentiality of the situation will be maintained to the extent possible.  
The Company will  not  retaliate or tolerate retaliation  against  any employee 
who seeks or obtains leave under this policy. 
Time Off to Vote 
The Company encourages all employees to fulfill their civic responsibilities and 
to  vote in  all  public  elections. Most employees' schedules  provide sufficient 
time to vote either before or after working hours. 
Employees who have less than three consecutive hours outside of work during 
which the polls are open will  be allowed up to two hours of time off to vote, 
without loss of pay. Upon request, the Company will schedule the leave at the 
beginning or end of the employee's shift. The Company will otherwise specify 
when the leave may be taken.  
Employees must provide notice of the need for time off prior to Election Day.  
Military Leave 
In addition to the military leave rights set forth in the main Handbook, regular 
full-time and part-time employees who are members of the Colorado National 
Guard  are  entitled  to  an  unpaid  leave  of  absence  to  perform active state 
service.  
Additionally, regular full-time and part-time employees who are members of 
the Colorado National Guard or United States armed forces reserves may take 
up to 15 days of unpaid leave per calendar year for military training with the 
United States armed forces.  
Upon return from active state service or military training, employees will  be 
reinstated to their former position or to a position of like seniority, status and 
pay, so long as they: 
• Had a non-temporary job before taking leave; 
• Provide evidence that  training or service was satisfactorily completed; 
and 
• Are still qualified to do the job.  

15 
Absence for military service or training will not affect an employee's rights to 
receive normal  sick  leave, bonuses,  advancement, or  other  advantages of 
employment that would otherwise be expected for the employee's particular 
job.  
Civil Air Patrol Leave 
Regular full-time and part-time employees who are members of the Civil Air 
Patrol are entitled to an unpaid leave of absence, not to exceed 15 workdays 
in any calendar year, when called to serve on a Civil Air Patrol mission.  
Upon  return  from  the  leave, employees will  be  reinstated  to  their  former 
position or to a similar position, so long as they: 
•Had a non-temporary job before taking leave;
•Return as soon as practicable to their position after being relieved from
service for the mission;
•Provide evidence that the service was satisfactorily completed; and
•Are still qualified to do the job.
Absence  for  Civil  Air  Patrol  service will  not  affect an  employee's rights  to 
receive normal  sick  leave, bonuses,  advancement, or  other  advantages of 
employment that would otherwise be expected for the employee's particular 
job.  
Volunteer Firefighters Leave 
Employees who serve as volunteer firefighters may take time off to respond 
to an emergency summons that occurred prior to  the time the  employee is 
scheduled to report to work.  
Employees who serve as volunteer firefighters will also be allowed time off to 
respond to an emergency summons after the employee has begun work, if: 
•The  Company does  not  consider the  employee to  be  essential  to  the
daily operations of the employer's daily enterprise;
•The  employee  previously  provided  written  verification  of  volunteer
status from the fire chief; and
•The  emergency is  within  the  response  area  of  the  employee's  fire
department and is of such magnitude that all firefighters must respond.
Employees must  provide written  verification from the  fire chief of the  time, 
date, and duration of the employee's response to the emergency.  
Time off under this policy will be unpaid except that exempt employees may 
be paid, as required by law. 

16 
Qualified Volunteers Leave 
Regular  full-time  and  part-time  (i.e.,  non-temporary)  employees  who  are 
qualified volunteers will be allowed time off if called into service by a volunteer 
organization during a disaster, so long as they provide proof of their status as 
a qualified volunteer. For purposes of this policy, employees will be considered 
a qualified volunteer if the: 
•Employee is  a member of a volunteer organization  that  enters into  a
memorandum of understanding with a county sheriff, local government,
local emergency planning committee or state agency;
•Volunteer   organization   is   included   on   the   qualified   volunteer
organization  list  created and  maintained  by the  Department of  Local
Affairs;
•Employee is called to service through the volunteer organization under
the authority of the county sheriff, local government, local emergency
planning committee, or state agency to volunteer in a disaster; and
•Employer  receives  the  appropriate  verification  from  the  Colorado
Department of Local Affairs that: (a) indicates the volunteer was called
to service by a volunteer organization for the purpose of assisting  in a
disaster; (b)  verifies the volunteer reported for service and performed
the activities  required of them by the  volunteer organization;  and (c)
includes the number of days of service that the volunteer provided.
Leave under this policy will not exceed 15 workdays in any calendar year and 
will be unpaid.  
Employees, upon completion of the volunteer emergency service and return 
to work, will be restored to the same or similar position as they held prior to 
the leave. Taking leave under this policy will  not affect an employee's rights 
to  sick  leave,  bonus,   advancement  or  other  employment  benefits  or 
advantages  relating  to  and  normally  to  be  expected  for  the  employee's 
particular employment.  
Employees must return to their employment position  as soon as practicable 
after being relieved from service.  
Leave may be denied if more than 20 percent of the Company's employees on 
any workday request such leave. Leave may also not be available for essential 
employees, defined as those employees the Company deems essential to the 
operation  of  the  Company's  daily  enterprise,  whose  absence  would  likely 
cause  the  Company  to  suffer  economic  injury,  or  whose  duties  include 
assisting in disaster recovery for the Company. 
Paid Sick and Safe Leave and Public Health Emergency Leave 

17 
The Company provides eligible employees with paid sick and safe leave (PSSL) 
and   public   health   emergency  leave  (PHEL)   in   accordance  with   the 
requirements of Colorado's Healthy Families and Workplaces Act (HFWA). 
Eligibility 
Colorado employees are eligible  to accrue PSSL and  may receive additional 
leave for use during a public health emergency (as defined further below). 
Accrual and Use of Paid Sick and Safe Leave 
Eligible employees will begin to accrue PSSL on their date of hire. PSSL accrues 
at a rate of one hour for every 30 hours worked, up to a maximum accrual of 
48  hours  in  a single calendar year (the  "Benefit  Year"). Exempt employees 
accrue PSSL based  on their  normal hours worked, up  to  a maximum of 40 
hours per week. 
PSSL  can  be  used  as  it  is  accrued.  However, the  Company  may  verify 
employee hours  within  the month after work is  performed and  adjust PSSL 
accrual  amounts  to  correct  any  inaccuracy.  The  Company  will   notify 
employees in writing of any such change in accrued PSSL amounts. 
PSSL may be used in one-hour increments. Eligible employees may use up to 
48 hours of PSSL in any Benefit Year. 
Failure to use PSSL in good faith and for the reasons specified in this  policy 
can result in discipline. 
Reasons PSSL May be Used 
Eligible employees may use PSSL for the following reasons: 
•When a mental or physical illness,  injury or health  condition prevents
the employee from working;
•To care for a family member who has a mental or physical illness, injury,
or health condition;
•To obtain a medical diagnosis, care, or treatment of a mental or physical
illness, injury or health condition of the employee or employee's family
member;
•To obtain preventive medical care for the employee or employee's family
member;
•If the employee or a family member is  the victim of domestic abuse,
sexual assault or harassment and needs leave to:
oSeek  medical  attention  to  recover from  a  mental  or  physical
illness,  injury or health condition caused by the domestic abuse,
sexual assault, or harassment;
oObtain services from a victim services organization;

 
18 
 
o Obtain mental health or other counseling; 
o Seek  relocation  due  to  the  domestic  abuse,  sexual  assault,  or 
harassment; or 
o Seek legal  services, including  preparing for or participating  in a 
civil  or  criminal  proceeding  relating  to  or  resulting  from  the 
domestic abuse, sexual assault, or harassment. 
• When, due to  a public health  emergency (as defined below), a public 
official has ordered the closure of:  
o The employee's place of business; or 
o The  school  or  place  of  care  of  the  employee's  child  and  the 
employee needs to be absent from work to care for their child. 
• Care for a family member whose school or place of care has been 
closed due to inclement weather, loss of power, heating or water; or 
other unexpected event; 
• The employee needs to evacuate their residence because of inclement 
weather; loss  of power, heating or water; or other unexpected event; 
and 
• The employee needs to grieve, attend funeral services or a memorial, 
or deal with  financial and legal matters that  arise after the death of a 
family member. 
 
For purposes of this policy, a "family member" means: 
• An  employee's immediate  family  member  (i.e.,  a  person related  by 
blood, marriage, civil union, or adoption); 
• A child to whom the employee stands in loco parentis; 
• A person who stood in loco parentis to the employee when the employee 
was a minor; or 
• A  person  for  whom  the  employee  is  responsible  for  providing  or 
arranging health-or safety-related care. 
Requesting PSSL 
The Company will allow use of PSSL for a covered use upon request.  Requests 
can be  made orally  or in  writing  (including  electronically).  When possible, 
employees  should  include  the  expected  duration  of  the  absence  in  their 
request for leave.  
When the need for PSSL is  foreseeable, employees must make a good faith 
effort to provide advance notice of the need for leave and a reasonable effort 
to schedule the leave in a manner that does not unduly disrupt the Company's 
operations. To provide advance notice of the foreseeable need to use PSSL, 

19 
employees should  contact their immediate supervisor or the HR Compliance 
Manager.  
Employees are not required to search for or find a replacement worker to cover 
the  hours  during  which  they  are using  PSSL.  The  Company will  not  count 
employees' use of PSSL in  compliance with  this  policy as an absence when 
evaluating absenteeism. Therefore, any such use of PSSL will  not lead to or 
result in discipline, demotion, suspension, or termination. 
Documentation of PSSL 
If  PSSL  is  for  four  or  more  consecutive workdays  (meaning  at  least  four 
consecutive  days  that  the  employee  would  ordinarily  have  worked),  the 
Company may request that employees provide reasonable documentation that 
the  PSSL  is  being  used  for  a  permissible purpose.  If  the  documentation 
submitted  by  the  employee is  not  sufficient,  the  Company  will  notify  the 
employee of  the  deficiency.  The  employee will  then  have seven  days to 
provide adequate documentation. 
In accordance with  the HFWA, the Company does not require the disclosure 
of  details  regarding  an  employee's  or  employee's  family  member's  health 
information or the domestic violence, sexual assault,  or stalking  that  is  the 
basis for the request for leave. 
Carryover of PSSL 
Employees can carry over up to 48  hours of accrued but unused PSSL from 
one Benefit Year to the next, but with an overall cap of 48 hours of PSSL per 
Benefit Year. Therefore, once an employee has a bank of 48 hours of PSSL in 
a Benefit Year, no additional PSSL will accrue in that year. 
The Company does not offer pay in lieu of actual PSSL. 
Public Health Emergency Leave 
In addition  to the PSSL described above, the Company will  provide covered 
employees with PHEL in accordance with the terms below. 
For purposes of this policy, a "public health emergency" is: 
•An act of bioterrorism, a pandemic influenza or an epidemic caused by
a novel and highly fatal infectious agent, for which:
oAn emergency is declared by a federal, state, or local public health
emergency; or
oA disaster emergency is declared by the governor; or

20 
oA  highly  infectious  illness  or  agent  with  epidemic or  pandemic
potential  for  which  a  disaster  emergency  is  declared  by  the
Governor.
On the day a public health emergency is declared, employees will immediately 
be  able  to  access a  one-time  supplement  of PHEL  in  addition  to  whatever 
amount of PSSL employees have accrued prior to the declaration of the public 
health emergency. 
Employees who normally work 40 or more hours in a week are allowed to take 
up to 80 hours of total paid leave. Employees who normally work fewer than 
40 hours per week are entitled to take paid leave equaling the greater of: (1) 
the amount of time the employee is scheduled for work or paid leave in the 
14-day period after the leave request; or (2) the amount of time the employee 
actually worked in  the  14-day  period  prior  to  the  declaration of  the  public 
health emergency or the leave request, whichever is later. 
From the declaration of a public health emergency until four weeks after the 
official termination or suspension of the emergency declaration, PHEL can be 
used for any of the following reasons: 
•To  self-isolate  and  care for  oneself  or  a  family  member who  is  self-
isolating because the employee or family member is diagnosed with, or
experiencing symptoms of, a communicable illness  that is the cause of
a of a public health emergency;
•To seek or obtain for oneself or care for family member who needs a
medical  diagnosis,  care or  treatment  if  experiencing  symptoms  of  a
communicable illness that is the cause of a public health emergency;
•To seek for oneself or a  family member preventive care concerning a
communicable illness that is the cause of a public health emergency;
•An  employee is  unable  to  work  because  the  employee has  a  health
condition  that  may increase susceptibility  to  or  risk  of  communicable
illness that is the cause of the public health emergency;
•Either  the  Company  or  a  public  health  authority  with  appropriate
jurisdiction determines that an employee's presence on the job or in the
community  would  jeopardize  the  health  of  others  because  of  the
individual's  exposure to a communicable illness  that is the  cause of a
public  health   emergency  or  because  the   individual   is   exhibiting
symptoms of such  a communicable illness,  regardless of whether the
individual has been diagnosed with the illness;
•To care for a family member after either the family member's employer
or a public health authority with  appropriate authority determines that
the  family member's presence on the  job or in  the  community would
jeopardize  the  health  of  others  because  of  the  family  member's

 
21 
 
exposure to a communicable illness  that is the cause of a public health 
emergency or  because the  family  member is  exhibiting  symptoms of 
such a communicable illness, regardless of whether the family member 
has been diagnosed with the illness; 
• To care for a child or other family member when their childcare provider 
is unavailable due to a public health emergency, or their school or place 
of care has  been closed due  to  a  public  health  emergency (including 
when  the  school  or  place  of  care  is  physically  closed  but  providing 
instruction remotely). 
PHEL will become available on the date a public health emergency is declared 
and  will  remain  available  until  four  weeks  after  the  official  termination  or 
suspension  of the public health emergency.  Employees are only eligible  for 
these  amounts  of  PHEL  one time  during  the  entirety  of  a  public  health 
emergency (even  if  the  public  health  emergency is  extended,  amended, 
restated, or prolonged).  
During a public health emergency, employees will continue to accrue PSSL in 
accordance with  this  policy.  Any  accrued, unused  PSSL  an  employee has 
remaining at the time the need to be absent for a PHEL reason arises will  be 
counted in determining the amount of PHEL available.  
When the need for PHEL is foreseeable and the workplace has not been closed, 
employees  must  notify  the  Company  of  the  need  for  PHEL  as  soon  as 
practicable.  To provide notice  of the  need to  use  PHEL,  employees should 
contact their supervisor or the HR Compliance Manager.  
Rate of Pay 
PSSL  and  PHEL  are paid  at  the  same  hourly  rate  or  salary  (not  including 
overtime, bonuses,  or  holiday  pay)  and  with  the  same  benefits,  including 
health care benefits, as the employee normally earns during hours  worked. 
Leave will be paid on the same schedule as regular wages. 
 
Employee Records Requests 
Upon  an  employee's  request,  the  Company  will  provide  (in  writing  or 
electronically) documentation indicating  the  current amount of PSSL and/or 
PHEL available for use and the amount of such leave already used during the 
current calendar year. Employees will  be allowed to make one such request 
per month, except they may make an additional request when any need for 
PSSL or PHEL. 
Effect on Other Rights and Policies 
The  Company may provide other  forms of leave for employees to  care for 
medical  conditions  or  for  issues  related  to  public  health  emergencies  or 

22 
domestic abuse, sexual assault, or harassment under certain federal, state, 
and local laws.  In certain situations,  leave under this  policy may run at the 
same  time  as  leave  available  under  another  federal,  state,  or  local  law, 
provided  eligibility  requirements  for  that  law  are  met.  The  Company  is 
committed to  complying with  all  applicable laws.  Employees should  contact 
their immediate supervisor and the HR  Compliance Manager for information 
about other federal, state, and local medical, victim, public health emergency 
or family leave rights. 
Confidentiality 
The  Company will  keep confidential  the  health  or  safety information  of  an 
employee  or  employee's  family  member.  Such  information  will  not  be 
disclosed except to the affected employee, with the written permission of the 
affected employee or as otherwise required by law. 
Separation from Employment 
Compensation for accrued and unused PSSL or available PHEL is not provided 
upon separation from employment for any reason. If an employee is rehired 
by the Company within six months of separation from employment, previously 
accrued but unused PSSL will be immediately reinstated. 
Retaliation 
Employees have the  right  to  request  and use  PSSL  and  PHEL in  a manner 
consistent with the HFWA. The Company will not discriminate or retaliate, or 
tolerate  discrimination  or  retaliation,  against  any  employee who:  seeks  or 
obtains  leave in  accordance with  this  policy; files  a  complaint regarding an 
alleged  violation  of  the  HFWA;  participates  in  an  investigation,  hearing  or 
proceeding or  cooperates in  or  assists  with  an  investigation  related  to  an 
alleged  violation  of the  HFWA;  informs any  person  of  their  potential  rights 
under the HFWA; or otherwise exercises their rights under the HFWA. 
Pay Practices 
Meal and Rest Breaks 
Nonexempt  employees  who  work  five  or  more  consecutive  hours  will  be 
provided at  least  one 30-minute  meal break. To the  extent  practical, meal 
breaks will be provided at least one hour after the start and one hour before 
the end of the employee's shift. During the break employees will  be relieved 
of  all  duties.  An  uninterrupted  30-minute  meal  break  will  be  unpaid  for 
nonexempt employees. If the nature of an employee's job or circumstances 
makes  an  uninterrupted  meal  break  impracticable,  the  employee  will  be 
allowed an on-duty meal break without any loss of time or compensation. 

23 
Nonexempt employees will also be permitted a 10-minute rest break for every 
four hours of work, in accordance with the schedule below: 
Duration    of 
Shift In 
Hours 
# of  10 
Minute 
Rest 
Breaks 
Comments 
0 to < 2 0 
Employees who work less than two hours in a 
workday are not required or permitted to take 
a rest break. 
2 to < 6 1 
Employees who work at least two hours in a 
workday but less than six hours in a workday 
are allowed one 10-minute rest break. 
6 to < 10 2 
Employees who  work at least  six  hours  in a 
workday but less than 10 hours in a workday 
are allowed two 10-minute rest breaks. 
10 to < 14 3 
Employees who work at  least  10  hours  in a 
workday but less than 14 hours in a workday 
are allowed three 10-minute rest breaks. 
To the  extent practical, rest periods  will  be provided in  the  middle  of each 
four-hour work period. Employees who are unable to take all of the meal or 
rest breaks to which they are entitled in accordance with this  policy, or who 
have been prevented or discouraged from taking a break to  which they are 
entitled   under  this   policy,  should   immediately  notify their  immediate 
supervisor or the  HR Compliance Manager. The Company will  not  threaten, 
coerce, discriminate, or otherwise retaliate against any employee who reports 
a violation  of  this  policy or files  a  claim or participates  in  an  investigation, 
hearing  or  other  process  or  proceeding  related  to  an  alleged  violation  of 
federal or state wage and hour laws. 
Overtime 
Employees will  be paid  one and one-half times their  regular rate of pay for 
any work in excess of: (1) 40 hours per week; (2) 12 hours per workday; or 
(3) 12 consecutive hours without regard to the starting and ending time of the
workday (excluding duty-free meal breaks), whichever calculation results  in
the greatest payment of wages.

24 
For additional information, a Colorado Overtime and Minimum Pay Standards 
Order (COMPS Order #38) poster is attached to this handbook. 
Lactation Accommodation 
The Company will provide a reasonable amount of break time to accommoda te 
an  employee desiring  to  express breast  milk  for the  employee's child.  The 
Company will  provide this break time  for up to two years following the  birth 
of a child.  
Nursing employees can elect to take time to express breast milk during their 
regularly  scheduled  meal  and  rest  breaks.  If     the  break  time  cannot  run 
concurrently  with  the  meal  and/or  rest  breaks  already  provided  to   the 
employee, the  break time  will  be unpaid  for nonexempt employees. Where 
additional breaks are required, employees should work with  their supervisor 
regarding scheduling.  
The Company will make reasonable efforts to provide employees with the use 
of    a    private  location,  other  than  a    toilet  stall,  in  close  proximity  to  the 
employee's work area for the employee to express milk.  
Employees should provide reasonable notice to the Company that they intend 
to take breaks for expressing breast milk upon returning to work. Employees 
should  discuss  with  their  supervisor  or  the  HR  Compliance  Manager  the 
location to express their breast milk and for storage of expressed milk and to 
make any other arrangements under this policy.  
The  Company reserves the  right  to  not  provide additional  break time  or  a 
private  location  for  expressing  breast  milk  if    doing  so  would  substantially 
disrupt the Company's operations. 
The Company will  not  demote, terminate, or otherwise  take adverse action 
against an employee who requests or makes use of the accommodations and 
break time described in this policy. 
Discussion of Wages 
No  employee is  prohibited  from  inquiring  about,  disclosing,  comparing,  or 
otherwise discussing their wages. The Company will not terminate, discipline, 
coerce or otherwise discriminate against employees because they make such 
inquiries, disclosures, comparisons or otherwise engage in such discussions of 
their wages. 

25 
Safety and Security 
Smoke-Free Workplace 
The  Company  prohibits  smoking  marijuana  or  any  other  substance  that  is 
illegal under federal law or Colorado law anywhere on its premises. 
The  Company prohibits  smoking in  the  workplace and  within  15  feet  of any 
window, ventilation  intake or entrance to the workplace. For purposes of this 
policy,  smoking  includes  the  use  of  electronic  smoking  devices  (e.g., e-
cigarettes  or  vaping).  Employees  wishing  to  smoke must  do  so  outside  of 
company's facilities, in locations where smoke does not migrate back into the 
workplace, during scheduled work breaks. 
Employees who  observe other  individuals  smoking  in  the  workplace have  a 
right  to object and should  report the violation to their  supervisor or the HR 
Compliance Manager. Employees will  not  be disciplined  or retaliated  against 
for reporting smoking that violates Colorado law or this policy. 
Employees who violate this policy may be subject to disciplinary  action up to 
and including termination. 
Cell Phone Use/Texting While Driving 
The  Company  prohibits  employees from  using  cellular  phones  for business 
reasons while  driving, for any reason while  driving for work-related purposes 
and while driving a company-owned vehicle.  
Employees should  also  be aware that  texting  while  driving  is  a violation  of 
Colorado law,  in  addition  to  being  a  violation  of company policy. It  is  also a 
violation of Colorado law and company policy to use earphones while driving, 
unless the earphone is built  into protective headgear or is a device that only 
covers one ear and is connected to a wireless, handheld telephone. 
It is also a violation of Colorado law for an individual under 18 years of age to 
use cell phones while operating a vehicle. 

•�I COLORADO
COLORADO WAGE & HOUR RIGHTS & RESPONSIBILITIES: 
Effective 1/1/2025 
� Department of 
V Labor and Employment 
The COMPS Order (Colorado Overtime & Minimum fay Standards) Poster & Notice 
Use new version released by each December 
Colorado Minimum Wage: $14.81 per hour in 2025, updated yearly (COMPS Rule 3) 
Time Worked: All on-duty or on-premises time that must be paid (Rule 1.9) 
• 
Must pay at least minimum wage for all time worked, whether by hour, salary, commission, piece rate, etc. 
• 
Cleanup or setup (examples: put on or remove clothes, or gear, worn only at work) 
• 
Use the highest minimum wage applicable; Co!oradoLaborLaw.goy lists all local minimum wages 
• 
Checking in or out (timeclock, security or safety screening, etc.), or waiting to do so 
• 
15% lower is allowed for unemancipated minors -but not for some local minimum wages 
• 
Receiving or sharing work information, or wait for tasks - but not just off-duty time on premises 
• 
Travel for employer benefit - but not normal commuting (Rule 1.9.2) 
Overtime: 1½ regular rate after 40 weekly hours, or 12 daily or consecutive (Rule 4) 
• 
Can't give time off instead of overtime pay; can't average overtime and non-overtime weeks (or days)
• 
Agriculture: Overtime after 48 hours (56 at some highly seasonal sites); extra breaks and pay on long days
• 
Some (not all) jobs in health, ski, and heavy vehicles are partly or fully exempt (Rules 2.3-2.4)
Meal Periods: 30 minutes uninterrupted & duty-free, in shifts over 5 hours (Rule 5.1) 
• 
Can be unpaid only for employees completely relieved of duty, and allowed do personal activities 
•
If work doesn't allow uninterrupted meal periods: must allow eating on duty, on paid time
•
As much as practical, meal periods must be at least 1 hour after starting shifts, and 1 hour before ending
Rest Periods: 10 minutes, paid, every 4 hours (Rule 5.2) 
# Work Hours: 
# Rest Periods: 
Upto2 
0 
>2, upto 6
1 
>6, up to 10
2 
>10,upto14 >14,upto18 >18,upto22 
3 
4 
5 
>22
6 
•
Need not be off-site, but must not include work, and should be in the middle of the 4 hours if practical
• 
Sleep time required to be on-site - but not if lengthy and uninterrupted (Rule 1.9.3)
Exemptions from COMPS (Rule 2.2 lists all; highlights below) 
• 
Executive/supervisor, administrator, or professional: $56,485 (updated yearly) in salary (not hourly pay)
• 
Other high-level work: non-manual jobs paid 2¼ times the above salary; ½ owners who actively manage 
• 
Some (not all) salespeople, computer professionals, drivers, camp/outdoor ed staff, or property managers 
• 
Duties to pay wages, including most limits on deductions, still apply if exempt from COMPS 
Employer Responsibilities (Rule 7) 
• 
Give employees pay statements (total pay, rate, tips, credits, and time worked), and keep for 3 years
• 
Display this poster/notice where easily seen (or give to employees); also include in any handbook/manual 
• 
Use translations (available from this Division) of this poster/notice for employees with limited English
• 
Not giving (or undercutting) posters or notices may disallow employer credits, deductions, or exemptions 
• 
Individuals with control over work may be liable for wages and violations, even at incorporated employers
• 
Rest periods count as time worked, including for minimum wage and overtime 
Complaint & Anti-Retaliation Rights (Rule 8) 
•
Extra pay is owed for rest period time not authorized or permitted, including for employees not paid hourly
•
File complaints in the Division or Court, or send the Division confidential tips 
• 
Break rules differ for some agricultural work (Rule 2.3, & the Agricultural Labor Conditions Rules) 
• 
Retaliation, or actions interfering with rights, may yield fines or other consequences 
Deductions, Credits, Charges, & Withheld Pay (Rule 6, & Colorado Wage Act) 
• 
Final pay: Owed promptly (if a termination by employer) or at next pay date (if employee resigned)
• 
Unused vacation: Must pay to departing employees, even if fired for cause or resigned without notice
• 
Tip credit: Can lower hourly pay up to $3.02 if tips (not service charges) aren't diverted to untipped staff
• 
Meals: Can charge cost or value (without profit) of voluntarily accepted meals
• 
Lodging: Can charge $25-$100 weekly (by housing type) if voluntary and primarily for employee benefit
• 
Uniforms: Can't charge or require deposits for special uniforms, special cleaning, or ordinary wear and tear 
• 
Other deductions: Only for items in CRS 8-4-105; not for poor work, breakage, quitting without notice, etc. 
•
Immigration status is irrelevant to these rights, and can't be used to interfere with rights
Contact Us: 
DIVISION OF LABOR STANDARDS & STATISTICS 
303-318-8441 / 888-390-7936 / cdle_labor_standards@state.co.us (English or Spanish)
E
[!] 
For all Jaws, -: 
so
i
·.
guidance, &
:'I:: . 
complaints: 
[!] 
ColoradoLaborLaw.gov 
Spanish 
guidance &
complaints: 
LeyesLaboralesDeColorado.gov 
This notice 
in other 
languages: 
cdle.colorado.goy/LaborStandardsPosters 

COLORADOWAGE&HOURRIGHTS&RESPONSIBILITIES:
The COMPSOrder(ColoradoOvertime&MinimumPay Standards)Poster&Notice
Effective1/1/2026
UsenewversionreleasedbyeachDecember
ColoradoMinimumWage:$15.16per hourin 2026,updatedyearly(COMPSRule3)
•  Mustpay at leastminimumwagefor all time worked,whetherby hour,salary,commission,piecerate,etc.
•  Use the highestminimumwageapplicable;ColoradoLaborLaw.govlists all localminimumwages
•  15%loweris allowedfor unemancipatedminors— but not for somelocalminimumwages
Overtime:1½regularrate after40 weeklyhours,or 12 dailyor consecutive(Rule4)
•  Can’tgive time off  insteadof overtimepay; can’taverageovertimeand non-overtimeweeks(or days)
•  Agriculture:Overtimeafter48 hours(56 at somehighlyseasonalsites);extrabreaksand pay on long days
•  Some(not all) jobs in health,ski, and heavyvehiclesare partlyor fully exempt(Rules2.3-2.4)
MealPeriods:30 minutesuninterrupted& duty-free,in shiftsover5 hours(Rule5.1)
•  Can be unpaidonly for employeescompletelyrelievedof duty,and alloweddo personalactivities
•  If workdoesn’tallowuninterruptedmealperiods:mustalloweatingon duty,on paid time
•  As muchas practical,mealperiodsmustbe at least1 hourafterstartingshifts,and 1 hourbeforeending
RestPeriods:10 minutes,paid,every4 hours(Rule5.2)
# WorkHours:Up to 2>2,up to 6>6,up to 10>10,up to 14>14,up to 18>18,up to 22>22
# RestPeriods:0123456
•  Neednot be off-site,but mustnot includework,and shouldbe in the middleof the 4 hoursif practical
•  Restperiodscountas time worked,includingfor minimumwageand overtime
•  Extrapay is owedfor rest periodtime not authorizedor permitted,includingfor employeesnot paid hourly
•  Breakrulesdifferfor someagriculturalwork(Rule2.3, & the AgriculturalLaborConditionsRules)
Deductions,Credits,Charges,& WithheldPay(Rule6, & ColoradoWageAct)
•  Finalpay: Owedpromptly(if a terminationby employer)or at next pay date (if employeeresigned)
•  Unusedvacation:Mustpay to departingemployees,evenif fired for causeor resignedwithoutnotice
•  Tip  credit:Can lowerhourlypay up to $3.02if tips (not servicecharges)aren’tdivertedto untippedstaff
•  Meals:Can chargecost or value(withoutprofit)of voluntarilyacceptedmeals
•  Lodging:Can charge$25-$100weekly(by housingtype)if voluntaryand primarilyfor employeebenefit
•  Uniforms:Can’tchargeor requiredepositsfor specialuniforms,specialcleaning,or ordinarywearand tear
•  Otherdeductions:Onlyfor itemsin CRS8-4-105;not for poorwork,breakage,quittingwithoutnotice,etc.
TimeWorked:All on-dutyor on-premisestimethat mustbe paid(Rule1.9)
•  Cleanupor
setup
(examples:
put
on
or
removeclothes,or gear,wornonly at work)
•  Checkingin
or
out
(timeclock,
security
or
safetyscreening,etc.),or waitingto do so
•  Receivingor
sharing
work
information,
or
wait
for tasks– but not just off-dutytime on premises
•  Travelfor
employer
benefit
–
but
not
normalcommuting(Rule1.9.2)
•  Sleeptime
required
to
be
on-site
–
but not if lengthyand uninterrupted(Rule1.9.3)
ExemptionsfromCOMPS(Rule2.2 lists all; highlightsbelow)
•  Executive/supervisor,administrator,or professional:$57,784(updatedyearly)in salary(not hourlypay)
•  Otherhigh-levelwork:non-manualjobs paid 2¼ timesthe abovesalary;⅕ownerswho activelymanage
•  Some(not all) salespeople,computerprofessionals,drivers,camp/outdoored staff,or propertymanagers
•  Dutiesto pay wages,includingmostlimitson deductions,still applyif exemptfromCOMPS
EmployerResponsibilities(Rule7)
•  Giveemployeespay statements(totalpay, rate,tips, credits,and time worked),and keepfor 3 years
•  Displaythis
poster/notice
where
easily
seen
(or give to employees);also includein any handbook/manual
•  Use translations
(available
from
this
Division)
of this poster/noticefor employeeswith limitedEnglish
•  Not giving
(or
undercutting)
posters
or
noticesmay disallowemployercredits,deductions,or exemptions
•  Individualswith
control
over
work
may
be liablefor wagesand violations,evenat incorporatedemployers
Complaint& Anti-RetaliationRights(Rule8)
•  File complaintsin the Divisionor Court,or sendthe Divisionconfidentialtips
•  Retaliation,or
actions
interfering
with
rights,
may
yieldfinesor otherconsequences
•  Immigrationstatus
is
irrelevant
to
these
rights,
and can’tbe usedto interferewith rights
ContactUs:
DIVISIONOF LABORSTANDARDS& STATISTICS
303-318-8441/ 888-390-7936/ cdle_labor_standards@state.co.us(EnglishorSpanish)
Foralllaws,SpanishThisnotice
guidance,&guidance&inother
complaints:complaints:languages:
ColoradoLaborLaw.govLeyesLaboralesDeColorado.govcdle.colorado.gov/LaborStandardsPosters
ECO2B   12/25

Derechosy ResponsabilidadesdeSueldoy HorariosenColoradoA partirde 1/1/2026
Postery Avisodela OrdenCOMPS(NormasdePagoMínimoy HorasExtradeColorado)Use nuevaversionpublicadacadaDiciembre
SueldoMínimode Colorado:$1516por horaen 2026,actualizadoanualmente(Regla3)
• Se debepagaral menosel sueldomínimopor todo el tiempotrabajado,ya sea por hora,salario,comisión,pieza,etc.
• Utiliceel sueldomínimomás alto aplicable;ColoradoLaborLaw.govenumeratodoslos sueldosmínimoslocales
• Se permiteun sueldomínimodel 15%más bajo paralos menoresno emancipados,perono paraalgunossueldosmínimos
locales
TiempoExtra:tiempoy medio(1½)por   horassobre40 semanales,o 12 diariaso
consecutivas(Regla4)
• No se puededar tiempolibreen lugarde pagode horasextras;no se puedenpromediarlas semanas(o días)de horas
extrasy de no horasextras
• Agricultura:Horasextrasdespuésde 48 horas(56 en algunossitioscon alta estacionalidad);descansosadicionalesy pago
en días largos
• Algunostrabajos(no todos)en el sectorde la salud,el esquíy los vehículospesadosestánexentosparcialo totalmente.
(Reglas2.3-2.4)
Períodosde  Comida:30 minutosininterrumpidosy sin deberes,en turnosde  masde  5
horas(Regla5.1)
• Puedeser no remunerado,perosolosi los empleadosestáncompletamentelibresde deberesy se les permiterealizar
actividadespersonales
• Si el trabajohaceque el períodode comidaininterrumpidono sea práctico,se debepermitircomermientrastrabajay debe
pagarse
• En la medidade lo posible,el períodode comidadebeser tomadoal menos1 horadespuésdel inicioy 1 horaantesde
finalizarlos turnos
Períodode  Descanso:10 minutos,pagados,cada4 horas(Regla5.2)
#HorasTrabajadas:hasta 2 >2,hasta 6 >6,hasta 10 >10,hasta 14>14,hasta 18>18,hasta22 >22
#Períodosde Descanso:0123456
• No es necesarioestarfuerade las instalaciones,perono debeincluirtrabajo,y debeestaren mediode las 4 horassi es
practico
• Los períodosde descansocuentancomotiempotrabajado,inclusoparael sueldomínimoy las horasextras
• Se debepagarun pagoadicionalpor el tiempode descansono autorizadoo permitido,inclusoparalos empleadosque no
recibenpagopor hora
• Las reglasde descansodifierenparaalgunostrabajosagrícolas(Regla2.3 y Reglasde CondicionesLaboralesAgrícolas)
Deducciones,Créditos,Cargosy PagosRetenidos(Regla6, y ColoradoWageAct)
• Pagofinal:Se debepagarinmediatamente(siel empleadordespideal empleado)o en la próximafechade pago(si el
empleadorenunció)
• Vacacionesno utilizadas:Debenpagarsea los empleadosquese van,inclusosi fuerondespedidospor una causa
justificadao renunciaronsin previoaviso
• Créditode propina:Puedereducirel salariopor horahasta$3.02si las propinas(no los cargospor servicio)no se desvían
al personalque no recibepropinas
• Comidas:Puedecobrarel costoo valor(sin lucro)de las comidasaceptadasvoluntariamente
• Alojamiento:Puedecobrarentre$25 y $100por semana(segúnel tipo de alojamiento)si es voluntarioy principalmente
parabeneficiodel empleado
• Uniformes:No se puedencobrarni exigirdepósitospor uniformesespeciales,limpiezaespecialo desgastenormal
• Otrasdeducciones:Sóloparaartículosen CRS8-4-105;no por mal trabajo,roturas,abandonosin previoaviso,etc.
TiempoTrabajado:Todoel tiempode  servicioo en las instalacionesque   debepagarse
(Regla1.9)
• Limpiezao preparación(ejemplos:ponerseo quitarseropa,o equipo,usadosolo en el trabajo)
• Registrode entradao salida(reloj,controlde seguridado protección,etc.),o el esperarparahacereso
• Recibiro compartirinformaciónlaboralo esperartareas- perono solo el tiempolibre en las instalaciones
• Tiempode viajeparael beneficiodel empleador- perono el tiemponormalde viajea casa/trabajo(Regla1.9.2)
• Tiempode sueñoen el sitio,perono si es prolongadoe ininterrumpido(Regla1.9.3)
Exencionesde  COMPS(Regla2.2 enumeratodas;las exencionesclavese encuentrana continuación)
• Ejecutivo/supervisor,administradoro profesional:$57,784(actualizadoanualmente)en salario(no pagopor hora)
• Otrostrabajosde alto nivel:trabajosno manualespagados2¼ vecesel sueldo
arriba;⅕propietariosque gestionan
activamente
• Algunos(no todos)vendedores,profesionalesde informática,choferes,personalde campamentoso educaciónal aire libre
o administradoresde propiedades
• Lasobligacionesde pagarsueldos,incluidala mayoríade los límitesa las deducciones,aún se aplicansi está exentode
COMPS�
Responsabilidadesdel  Empleador(Regla7)
• Dar a los empleadoslos declaracionesde pago(sueldototal,tarifa,propinas,créditosy tiempotrabajado)y consérvarlos
durante3 años
• Mostraresteposter/avisoen un lugarfácilmentevisible(o entrégueloa los empleados);incluirlotambiénen cualquier
manual
• Utilizartraducciones(disponiblesde esta División)de este poster/avisoparaempleadoscon Ingléslimitado
• No entregar(o rebajar)posterso avisospuedeimpedirque el empleadorobtengacréditos,deduccioneso exenciones
Derechosde  Quejay Anti-represalias(Regla8)
• Presentarquejasante la Divisióno el Tribunal,o enviara la Divisióninformaciónconfidencial
• Las represaliaso accionesque interfierancon los derechospuedendar lugara multasu otrasconsecuencias
• El estatusmigratorioes irrelevanteparaestosderechosy no puedeusarseparainterferircon los derechos
Contactenos:
DIVISIONDE NORMASLABORALESY ESTADISTICAS
303-318-8441/ 888-390-7936/ cdle_labor_standards@state.co.us(InglesorEspañol)
Para todaslasGuias yquejasEste avisoen
leyes,guias,yenEspañolotrosidiomas:
quejas:
Colorad  oLaborLaw.govLeyesLaboralesDeColorado.govcdle.colorado.gov/LaborStandardsPosters
ECO4B     12/25

Division of Labor Standards and Statistics 
707 17th Street, Denver, CO 80202 
303-318-8441 | www.ColoradoLaborLaw.gov | www.LeyesLaboralesDeColorado.gov
NOTICE OF PAYDAYS 
As Required by C.R.S. §§ 8-4-107, -103 
Employers must provide notice to employees of the regular paydays and the time and place of payment. 
Employers must post, and keep posted, this notice where employees can easily see it: at the workplace if 
practicable, the employer’s payment office, or if easily accessible to employees, electronically. Employers 
are required to post a new notice any time paydays or time or place of payment change.   
Pay periods must be no longer than a calendar month or 30 days, whichever is longer. Paydays must be no 
later than 10 days following the close of each pay period.  
EMPLOYEES ARE PAID ON REGULAR PAYDAYS AS FOLLOWS:
Payday: 
Time: 
Place: 
This form is provided as a courtesy by the Colorado Department of Labor, Division of Labor Standards and 
Statistics. Other Notice of Paydays posters are acceptable provided that they contain the elements and 
information required by C.R.S. § 8-4-107.  
For more information about rights and responsibilities under Colorado wage and hour law, contact the 
Colorado Department of Labor and Employment, Division of Labor Standards and Statistics: 303-318-8441 / 
888-390-7936 / cdle_labor_standards@state.co.us(English or Spanish).
All laws, guidance 
and complaints:  
ColoradoLaborLaw.gov
Spanish guidance     
and complaints:  
LeyesLaboralesDeColorado.gov
Other labor standards  
posters: 
cdle.colorado.gov/LaborStandardsPosters
ECOM1   12/25

Division of Labor Standards and Statistics
707 17th Street, Denver, CO 80202 
303-318-8441 | www.ColoradoLaborLaw.gov | www.LeyesLaboralesDeColorado.gov
AVISO DE DIAS DE PAGO 
Según lo Requerido por C.R.S. §§ 8-4-107, -103 
Los empleadores deben notificar a los empleados los días de pago regulares y la hora y lugar del pago. Los 
empleadores deben publicar y mantener publicado este aviso en un lugar donde los empleados puedan 
verlo fácilmente: en el lugar de trabajo si es posible, en la oficina de pagos del empleador o, si los 
empleados pueden acceder a él fácilmente, en forma electrónica. Los empleadores deben publicar un 
nuevo aviso cada vez que cambien los días de pago o la hora o el lugar de pago.   
Los períodos de pago no deben durar más de un mes calendario o 30 días, lo que sea más largo. Los días 
de pago deben ser a más tardar 10 días después del cierre de cada período de pago. 
A LOS EMPLEADOS SE LES PAGA EN DÍAS DE PAGO REGULARES DE LA 
SIGUIENTE MANERA:
Día de pago: 
Hora: 
Lugar: 
Este formulario es proporcionado como cortesía del Departamento de Trabajo de Colorado, División de 
Normas Laborales y Estadísticas. Se aceptan otros pósters de Aviso de Día de Pago siempre que 
contengan los elementos y la información requeridos por C.R.S. § 8-4-107. 
Para obtener más información sobre los derechos y responsabilidades según la ley de sueldos y horas de 
Colorado, comuníquese con el Departamento de Trabajo y Empleo de Colorado, División de Normas 
Laborales y Estadísticas: 303-318-8441 / 888-390-7936 / cdle_labor_standards@state.co.us(Inglés o 
Español).
Todas las leyes, guías 
y quejas:  
ColoradoLaborLaw.gov      
Guias y quejas
en Español:  
LeyesLaboralesDeColorado.gov
Otros pósters de   
normas laborales: 
cdle.colorado.gov/LaborStandardsPosters
ECOM3    12/25

FAMLI Program Notice 
Colorado’s Family and Medical Leave Insurance (FAMLI) 
Paid time for the moments that matter 
You may qualify for FAMLI paid leave if 
you earned $2,500 over the previous year, 
and need to: 
Care for a new child through birth, 
adoption, or foster placement 
Care for your own serious 
health condition 
Care for a family member with 
a serious health condition 
Support a family member 
preparing for military deployment 
Seek safety or support related 
to domestic violence, stalking, 
or sexual assault 
Care for a newborn in a Neonatal 
Intensive Care Unit or higher 
level of care 
How Much Leave You Can Take 
12 Weeks 
Up to 12 weeks each year 
Up to 4 extra weeks for pregnancy
4 Weeks 
or childbirth complications 
Up to 12 more weeks for 
12 Weeks 
Neonatal Care Leave 
You can take leave all at once, intermittently, 
or on a reduced schedule. FAMLI leave may 
reduce your available FMLA leave. 
What You’ll Receive 
Weekly payment of up to 90% of 
your wages (sliding scale, based 
on income) 
Benefits that are not taxed by 
Colorado. Federal taxes may 
apply. 
You can estimate your weekly 
benefit at famli.colorado.gov. 
What You Pay 
For 2026, your employer sends 0.44% of your 
wages to the FAMLI benefit fund. This shows 
up on your paystub as “FAMLI premium.” 
Your Rights 
•  If you’ve worked for your employer for 180 days,
your job is protected when you return.
•  Your employer may not retaliate, interfere, or
discriminate against you for using FAMLI benefits.
•  If something feels wrong, you can file a complaint by
contacting the FAMLI Division.
•  If your claim is denied, you can file a reconsideration
at myfamliplus.state.co.us.
How To Apply 
Apply at: myfamliplus.state.co.us 
Give 30 days’ notice when 
possible, or notify your employer 
as soon as you can. 
Learn more: famli.colorado.gov 
For assistance, call: 1-866-263-2654 
Visit: 707 17th Street, Suite 150, Denver, CO. 
updated December 2025 
Notificación del Programa FAMLI 
Seguro de Licencia Médica y de Familia en el Estado de Colorado (FAMLI) 
Tiempo pagado para los momentos que importan
Usted puede calificar para la licencia con paga de FAMLI, 
si ha devengado $2,500 durante el año previo y necesita: 
Cuidar de un recién nacido, por adopción o 
colocación de crianza. 
Cuidar de su propia condición de salud seria.  
Cuidar a un miembro de   la  familia que tenga 
una    condición de salud seria. 
Brindar a apoyo a un miembro de la familia 
que se prepara para despliegue militar. 
En busca de seguridad o apoyo relacionado con 
violencia de familia, acoso o agresión sexual. 
Cuidar a un recién nacido en una Unidad de Cuido 
Intensivo Neonatal o cuido de mayor seriedad.  
¿Cuánto tiempo de licencia puede tomarse? 
12 Semanas 
4 Semanas 
12 Semanas 
Hasta 12 semanas al año. 
Hasta 4 semanas adicionales por motivo de 
embarazo o complicaciones en el alumbramiento.  
Hasta 12 semanas adicionales por licencia de 
cuido neonatal. 
Usted puede tomarse to   da la licencia de una sola vez  , inte  rmitente  mente 
o en ho  rario reducido.  La Licencia de FAMLI puede reducir el tiempo de 
licencia    de FMLA que usted teng  a disponible.    
Lo que usted recibirá 
Paga semanal hasta 90% de su salario 
(escala variable, basado en sus ingresos) 
Beneficios que no son tributables en el 
Estado de Colorado.  Los impuestos federales 
puede que correspondan.  
Usted puede estimar su beneficio semanal en 
famli.colorado.gov 
Lo que usted paga 
Para el año 2026, su empleado envía 0.44% de sus 
ganancias al fondo de beneficios de FAMLI. Esto se refleja 
en su talonario de cheque como “Prima FAMILI”. 
Sus derechos 
•Si usted ha trabajado para su empleador por 180 días, su trabajo 
está protegido para cuando regrese.
•Su empleador no puede tomar represalias, interferir o discriminar 
en su contra, por hacer uso de sus beneficios de FAMLI.
•Si hay algo con lo que usted no está de acuerdo, puede presentar 
querella comunicándose con la División de FAMLI.
•Si le niegan su querella, puede presentar una reconsideración ante
myfamiliplus.state.co.us.
Cómo solicitar 
Solicitar en: myfamliplus.state.co.us 
Cuando sea posible, dar por lo menos 30 día de aviso, 
o notificar a su empleador en cuanto sea posible.
Conocer más: famli.colorado.gov 
Para asistencia, llamar a: 1,866.263.2654 
Visitar: 707 17th St., Suite 150, Denver, CO.
Actualizado en diciembre de 2025 
ECO2H   12/25