1 
 Minnesota Supplement  
Table of Contents  
Minnesota Supplement ................................ ................................ ................................ ...............  1 
General Information  ................................ ................................ ................................ ...................  2 
About This Minnesota Supplement  ................................ ................................ .... 2 
Commitment to Diversity  ................................ ................................ ................................ ..........  2 
Equal Employment Opportunity  ................................ ................................ ........  2 
Pregnancy Accommodation  ................................ ................................ ..............  3 
Wage Disclosure Protection  ................................ ................................ ..............  4 
General Employment Practices  ................................ ................................ ................................  4 
Access to Personnel Files  ................................ ................................ .................  4 
Pay Practices  ................................ ................................ ................................ ................................  5 
Lactation Accommodation  ................................ ................................ ................  5 
Meal and Rest Breaks  ................................ ................................ ......................  5 
Time Off and Leaves of Absence  ................................ ................................ .............................  6 
Pregnancy and Parenting Leave ................................ ................................ ........  6 
Adoption Leave  ................................ ................................ ...............................  7 
Family Military Leave  ................................ ................................ .......................  7 
School Conferences and Activities Leave  ................................ ...........................  8 
Bone Marrow Donor Leave  ................................ ................................ ...............  8 
Military Leave  ................................ ................................ ................................ .. 9 
Civil Air Patrol Leave ................................ ................................ ........................  9 
Quarantine Leave  ................................ ................................ ..........................  10 
Jury Duty Leave  ................................ ................................ ............................  10 
Crime Victim or Witness Leave  ................................ ................................ ....... 10 
Time Off to Vote  ................................ ................................ ............................  11 
Political Leave  ................................ ................................ ...............................  11 
Election Judge Leave  ................................ ................................ .....................  11 
Legislative Leave  ................................ ................................ ...........................  11 
Time Off to Obtain a Restraining Order  ................................ ...........................  12 
Paid Sick Leave  ................................ ................................ .............................  12 
Safety and Security  ................................ ................................ ................................ ..................  16 
Smoke -Free Workplace  ................................ ................................ ..................  16 
Cell Phone Use/Texting While Driving  ................................ .............................  16 

2 
 Weapons in the Workplace  ................................ ................................ .............  17 
 
General Information  
About This Minnesota Supplement  
Mountain State Financial Group is committed to workplace policies and 
practices that comply with federal, state, and local laws. For this reason, 
Minnesota employees will receive the main handbook the Minnesota 
Supplement to the Handbook ("Minnesota Supplement") (together, the 
"Employee Handbook").  
The Minnesota Supplement, however, applies only to Minnesota employees. It 
is intended as a resource containing specific provisions under Minnesota law 
that apply to the employee's employment. It should be read together with the  
main handbook and, to the extent that the policies in the Minnesota 
Supplement are different from or more generous than those in the main 
handbook, the policies in the Minnesota Supplement will apply.  
The Minnesota Supplement is not intended to create a contract of continued 
employment or alter the at -will employment relationship. Only the Chief 
Executive Officers  have the authority to enter into an agreement that 
alters the at -will employment relationship, and any such agreement 
must be in writing and signed by the Chief Executive Officers and the 
employee.  
If employees have any questions about these policies, they should contact 
their supervisor or the HR Compliance Manager.  
Commitment to Diversity  
Equal Employment Opportunity  
Mountain State Financial Group is committed to equal employment 
opportunity and to compliance with federal antidiscrimination laws. We also 
comply with Minnesota law, which prohibits discrimination and harassment 
against employees or applicants for employment based on race (including 
traits associated with race, such as hair texture and hair styles (e.g., braids, 
locs and twists)), color, creed, religion, national origin, sex (including 
pregnancy, childbirth and related disabilities), marital status, famili al status 
(including status as a family caregiver), sexual orientation (including actual or 
perceived sexual orientation and gender identity), status with respect to public 
assistance, membership or activity in a local commission, disability, military 
status, the use of lawful products (e.g., tobacco products) off company 
premises during nonworking hours, genetic information and age (over 18) . 
3 
 The Company also complies with the Minnesota law prohibiting discrimination 
against employees because they decline to contribute or donate to charities 
or community organizations and the law prohibiting discrimination based on 
an employee's wages being sub ject to garnishment.  
The Company will not tolerate discrimination or harassment based upon these 
characteristics or any other characteristic protected by applicable federal, 
state, or local law.  
Pregnancy Accommodation  
In addition to the pregnancy accommodations provided in accordance with the 
federal Pregnant Workers Fairness Act (PWFA), as described in the main 
handbook , the  Company will provide employees with reasonable 
accommodations for health conditions related to pregnancy or childbirth, in 
accordance with Minnesota law . 
Employees may request reasonable accommodations such as a temporary 
transfer to a less strenuous or hazardous position and limits to heavy lifting. 
The following reasonable accommodations will be provided upon request and 
do not require medical certification: (1) more frequent restroom, food, and 
water breaks; (2) seating; and/or (3) limits on lifting over 20 pounds.  
For all other requests for reasonable accommodation, employees must obtain 
the advice of their licensed health care provider or certified doula. The 
Company reserves the right to refuse such requests if it would impose an 
undue hardship on the company's bu siness operations.  
A reasonable accommodation does not require the Company to create a new 
or additional position, terminate any other employee, transfer any other 
employee with greater seniority or promote any employee.  
Employees who take a leave of absence under this policy will be reinstated to 
the same position and pay (including any automatic adjustments that occurred 
during the leave period) or to a position of comparable duties, hours and pay. 
Employees returning fr om a leave lasting longer than one month must notify 
their supervisor or the HR Compliance Manager  at least two weeks prior to the 
anticipated return date . 
Employees who have questions about this policy or who wish to request a 
reasonable accommodation under this policy should contact their supervisor, 
or the HR Compliance Manager.  
The Company will not discriminate or retaliate against employees because 
they request or make use of accommodations in accordance with this policy. 
4 
 This policy does not limit a pregnant employee's rights under any other policy 
or laws protecting gender, pregnancy and childbirth, or health conditions 
related to pregnancy or childbirth.  
Wage Disclosure Protection  
No employee will be prohibited from disclosing the amount of his or her wages 
or discussing another employee's wages which have been disclosed to him or 
her voluntarily. The Company will not take any adverse employment action 
against an employee because he  or she makes such a disclosure, engages in 
such discussion, or asserts any rights under this policy.  
Nothing in this policy will be construed to require an employee to disclose his 
or her wages to anyone. Moreover, this policy does not permit the disclosure 
of any proprietary information, trade secret, or information that is otherwise 
subject to a legal p rivilege or protected by law, without the express written 
consent of management; nor does it condone the disclosure of protected 
information concerning other employees to a competitor where prohibited by 
policy or contract.  
An employee may bring a civil action for a violation of this policy seeking any 
of the remedies available under the Minnesota Wage Disclosure Protection 
Law, including if appropriate, reinstatement, back pay, restoration of service 
credit, and expungement of adverse employment records.  
General Employment Practices  
Access to Personnel Files  
Employees may review or obtain a copy of their personnel file once per six -
month period, by submitting a written request to their supervisor or the HR 
Compliance Manager. The review will take place in the presence of a company 
representative, at the employee's place of employment or a reasonably nearby 
location, and during normal business hours. Upon separation from 
employment, employees may obtain a copy of their personnel  file once each 
year after separation for as long as the personnel record is maintain ed. 
The following records are not subject to inspection: written references or 
letters of recommendation; certain information pertaining to a criminal or civil 
investigation; certain protected educational records; results of employer 
testing (except for cumula tive scores); medical records; information relating 
to the Company's salary system and staff planning; certain information 
relating to other people, including co -workers; and certain privileged 
information.  
 
5 
 Captive Audience Meeting Protections  
Effective August 1, 2023, Minnesota law prohibits employers 
from disciplining, discharging or otherwise penalizing  or threatening to 
discharge, discipline or penalize an employee for refusing to attend an 
employer -sponsored meeting or listen to employer communications that 
have the primary purpose of conveying the employer's opinions concerning 
religious or political matters.  
The law defines political matters to include matters relating to labor 
organizations, including the decision to join or support a union.  
 
Pay Practices  
Lactation Accommodation  
In compliance with Minnesota's Nursing Mothers, Lactating Employees and 
Pregnancy Accommodations law, the Company will provide reasonable paid 
break times each day to accommodate an employee desiring to express milk. 
The break time can run concurrently with rest and/or meal breaks . 
The Company will make reasonable efforts to provide a clean, private and 
secure room or other location that is not a toilet stall and that has access to 
an electrical outlet for employees to express milk . Employees should discuss 
with their supervisor  or the HR Compliance Manager the location to express 
breast milk and to store expressed milk and to make any other arrangements 
under this policy.  
Employees should provide reasonable notice to the Company that they intend 
to take breaks for expressing breast milk upon returning to work.  
The Company will not terminate, discipline, penalize, interfere with, threaten, 
restrain, coerce or otherwise retaliate against an employee who requests or 
makes use of the accommodations and break time described in this policy. 
Employees who believe they have been denied an accommodation or break 
time, retal iated against or otherwise treated in a manner that violates this 
policy should immediately report this concern to their supervisor or the HR 
Compliance Manager. Employees who believe their rights under the Nursing 
Mothers, Lactating Employees and Pregnanc y Accommodations law have been 
violated can also contact the Minnesota Department of Labor and Industry's 
Labor Standards Division at dli.laborstandards@state.mn.us or 651 -284-
7075. Additional information about the law can be found at 
dli.mn.gov/newparents . 
Meal and Rest Breaks  

6 
 Nonexempt employees who work eight or more consecutive hours will be 
provided a 30 -minute meal break. During the break, employees will be 
relieved of all duties. An uninterrupted 30 -minute meal break will be unpaid.  
Nonexempt employees will also be provided adequate time to use the nearest 
convenient restroom during each consecutive four -hour period of work.  
Employees who are unable to take all of the meal or rest breaks to which they 
are entitled in accordance with this policy or who have been prevented or 
discouraged from taking a break to which they are entitled under this policy 
should immediately notify  their immediate supervisor or the HR Compliance 
Manager.  
Time Off and Leaves of Absence  
Pregnancy and Parenting Leave  
Employees will be allowed up to 12 weeks of unpaid pregnancy and parenting 
leave in accordance with the Minnesota Pregnancy and Parenting Leave Act 
(MPPLA).  
 
MPPLA leave is available to biological or adoptive parents in conjunction with 
the birth or adoption of a child. A child is a person under the age of 18 or 
under the age of 20 but still attending a secondary school. Leave for this 
purpose must begin within  12 months of the birth or adoption of the 
employee's child, or if the child remains in the hospital longer than the mother, 
within 12 months after the child leaves the hospital.  
 
MPPLA leave is also available to female employees for prenatal care or for 
incapacity due to pregnancy, childbirth or related health conditions and will 
begin at a time requested by the employee.  
 
Employees must notify their immediate supervisor or the HR Compliance 
Manager of the date and duration of the requested leave no later than 2 weeks 
before the commencement of the leave.  
 
The Company will continue to make insurance coverage under any group 
insurance policy, group subscriber contract or health care plan available to the 
employee and their dependents on the same basis as if the employee were 
not on leave. However, during the leave period, employees will be required to 
pay the full cost of coverage, including any contributions formerly paid by the 
Company when the employee was not on leave.  
 
7 
 Upon return, employees will be reinstated to the same position and pay 
(including any automatic adjustments that occurred during the leave period) 
or to a position of comparable duties, hours and pay.  
 
Employees returning from a leave lasting longer than one month must notify 
their supervisor or Human Resources at least two weeks prior to the 
anticipated return date.  
 
The Company will not discharge, discipline, penalize, interfere with, threaten, 
restrain, coerce or otherwise retaliate or discriminate against any employee 
for requesting or taking pregnancy or parenting leave in accordance with this 
policy.  
 
Adoption Leave  
Employees who are adoptive parents will be permitted to take up to four weeks 
of leave for the adoption of a child. Leave may begin before or at the time the 
child is placed in the home.  
For further information or to request leave under this policy, contact the HR 
Compliance Manager.  
Family Military Leave  
Employees will be given time off to attend a send -off or homecoming 
ceremony for an immediate family member who is a member of the United 
States armed forces and has been ordered into active service in support of a 
war or other national emergency unless th e time off would unduly disrupt the 
operations of the Company. For purposes of this leave, "immediate family 
member" means an employee's grandparent, parent, legal guardian, sibling, 
child, spouse, fiancé, or fiancée. The time off will be limited to the ac tual time 
necessary to attend the send -off or homecoming ceremony for the mobilized 
service member, not to exceed one day in any calendar year.  
Additionally, employees who are the spouse, parent, or child of a member of 
the United States or state military forces will be allowed a reasonable amount 
of unpaid time off, not to exceed two consecutive days or six days in a calendar 
year, to attend:  
• The departure or return ceremonies for deploying or returning military 
personnel or units;  
• Family training or readiness events sponsored or conducted by the 
military; and  
• Events held as part of official military reintegration programs.  
8 
 Employees must provide reasonable notice when requesting time off for these 
purposes.  
Employees will also be allowed a leave of absence of up to 10 working days in 
the event that an immediate family member is injured or killed while engaged 
in active service as a member of the United States armed forces. For purposes 
of this leave, "immedia te family members" include an employee's parent, 
child, grandparent, sibling, or spouse. Employees must give as much notice 
to the Company as practicable of the intent to take this leave. The Company 
may require employees to use any available paid leave.  
Time of under this policy will be unpaid, except that exempt employees will 
be paid when required by applicable federal or state law.  
The Company will not discriminate or retaliate against employees who request 
or take leave in accordance with this policy.  
Employees with questions about this policy, or who would like to request a 
leave of absence should contact the HR Compliance Manager.  
School Conferences and Activities Leave  
The Company will grant up to 16 hours of time off during any 12 -month period 
for employees to attend their child's special education, preschool or school 
conferences or school -related activities, if those conferences or activities 
cannot be scheduled durin g nonwork hours . 
For purposes of this policy, "child" includes foster children.  
When the need for leave under this policy is foreseeable, employees must 
provide reasonable advance notice and must make a reasonable attempt to 
schedule the leave so as not to unduly disrupt the Company's operations.  
Time off under this policy will be unpaid, except that exempt employees will 
receive pay when required under applicable law. Additionally, employees may 
substitute any other appropriate paid leave for any part of this leave.  
Bone Marrow Donor Leave  
Employees who work an average of 20 hours or more per week will be allowed 
a paid leave of absence to undergo a medical procedure to donate bone 
marrow. The length of the leave may not exceed 40 work hours.  
Employees must provide reasonable notice of the need for leave and must 
submit verification from a physician detailing the purpose and length of the 
leave requested. If there is a medical determination that the employee does 
9 
 not qualify as a donor, the paid leave of absence provided to the employee 
prior to that medical determination will not be forfeited.  
The Company will not retaliate against an employee for requesting or 
obtaining leave under this policy.  
Military Leave  
Employees who are members of the military or naval forces of the United 
States or Minnesota will be allowed an unpaid military leave of absence of up 
to four years when called to active state or federal military service during time 
of war or emergency.  
The Company will reinstate employees returning from military leave to the 
same position or a position of like seniority, status and pay, provided that the:  
• Leave does not exceed four years, unless a period of additional service 
is imposed by law;  
• Employee is not precluded by mental or physical disability from 
performing the duties of the position;  
• Employee provides a certificate of honorable discharge or other official 
document that shows satisfactory completion of service; and  
• Employee applies to the Company within 90 days of discharge from 
actual service or from hospitalization for a service -connected injury (so 
long as recuperation has not taken more than one year).  
Upon reinstatement, employees will have the same rights with respect to 
accrued and future seniority status, efficiency rating, sick leave, and other 
benefits as if they were actually employed during the time of military leave.  
The Company will not terminate an employee who is returning from military 
leave with the United States armed forces, without cause, within one year 
following the date of reemployment.  
The Company will not discriminate or retaliate against an employee because 
he or she takes a leave of absence in accordance with this policy.  
Civil Air Patrol Leave  
Eligible employees will be allowed an unpaid leave of absence to serve as a 
member of the Civil Air Patrol upon request and under the authority of the 
state or any of its political subdivisions unless the leave would unduly disrupt 
the operations of the Co mpany.  
Eligible employees are those who work for the Company an average of 20 or 
more hours per week.  
10 
 Quarantine Leave  
The Company will not terminate, discipline, threaten or otherwise penalize an 
employee who is absent from work as a result of being isolated or quarantined 
due to an illness caused by bioterrorism or certain communicable diseases for 
up to 21 consecutive w orkdays.  
The Company will not retaliate against employees for requesting or obtaining 
a leave of absence under this policy.  
Jury Duty Leave  
The Company encourages all employees to fulfill their civic responsibilities and 
to respond to jury service summons or subpoenas, attend court for 
prospective jury service or serve as a juror. Under no circumstances will 
employees be terminated, threatened , coerced, or penalized because they 
request or take leave in accordance with this policy.  
Employees should provide their supervisor with notice of any jury summons 
or subpoena within a reasonable amount of time after receipt and before their 
appearance is required. Verification from the court clerk of having served may 
also be required.  
Time spent engaged in attending court for prospective jury service or for 
serving as a juror is not compensable except that exempt employees will not 
incur any reduction in pay for a partial week's absence due to jury duty.  
Crime Victim or Witness Leave  
Employees who are crime witnesses or crime victims and who are subpoenaed 
or requested by a prosecutor to attend court for the purpose of giving 
testimony in a criminal proceeding will be given reasonable time off from work 
to do so.  
Additionally, employees will be allowed reasonable time off from work to 
attend criminal proceedings related to a violent crime, if they are: (1) the 
victim of the crime; (2) the spouse or next of kin of the victim or (3) the family 
member, guardian or cus todian of a minor, incompetent, incapacitated or 
deceased individual who was the victim.  
Employees seeking leave under this policy must provide 48 hours' advance 
notice unless it is impracticable, or an emergency prevents them from doing 
so. The Company may require that employees provide verification to support 
the need for this leave.  
Time off under this policy will be without pay except that exempt employees 
will receive pay when required under applicable law.  
11 
 The Company will maintain as confidential information related to an 
employee's leave under this policy.  
Time Off to Vote  
The Company encourages employees to fulfill their civic responsibilities and to 
vote in all public elections. Most employees' schedules provide sufficient time 
to vote either before or after working hours.  
Employees who are eligible to vote may take the necessary amount of time 
off to appear at the employee's polling place, cast a ballot and return to work. 
Time off is paid and may be taken to vote in any regularly scheduled state 
primary or general election , an election to fill a vacancy in the office of a United 
States senator or United States representative, or an election to fill a vacancy 
in the office of a state senator or state representative.  
Employees are not required to use any other available paid time off for leave 
taken in accordance with this policy.  
Proof of voting may be required.  
Political Leave  
Employees who are members of a state central committee or executive 
committee or who are a delegate to a party convention will be allowed a leave 
of absence to attend such meeting or convention. Employees wishing to take 
leave under this policy should noti fy the ir immediate supervisor in writing at 
least 10 days in advance. Leave under this policy will be unpaid, except that 
exempt employees will be paid when required by applicable federal or state 
law. 
Election Judge Leave  
Employees will be allowed time off to serve as an election judge.  
Employees taking leave under this policy must provide at least 20 days' 
written notice of the need for leave and certification from the appointing 
authority indicating the hours to be served and compensation to be paid.  
Legislative Leave  
An employee who is elected to public office will be allowed time off to attend 
meetings required for that office. Time off under this policy will be without 
pay, except that exempt employees will receive pay as required under 
applicable federal or state law. In addition, the Company may, in its discretion, 
allow an employee to make up time spent away from work  for this purpose.  
12 
 The Company will not retaliate against an employee for absences to attend 
meetings that are required as part of the employee's public office.  
 
Time Off to Obtain a Restraining Order  
Employees who are the victim of harassment or physical or sexual assault, or 
who are the guardian or conservator of such a victim, or the parent, guardian, 
conservator, or stepparent of a minor who is such a victim, will be allowed 
reasonable time off from  work to obtain or attempt to obtain a restraining 
order.  
If practicable, employees seeking leave under this policy must provide 48 
hours' advance notice except in cases of imminent danger to the health or 
safety of the employee or the employee's child. The Company may require 
that employees provide verification to support the need for this leave.  
Time off under this policy will be without pay except that exempt employees 
will receive pay when required under applicable law.  
The Company will maintain as confidential information related to an 
employee's leave under this policy. The Company will not terminate, 
discipline, threaten or otherwise discriminate or retaliate against an employee 
because they take reasonable time off in  accordance with this policy.  
Paid Sick Leave  
The Company provides eligible employees with sick leave according to the 
Minnesota Earned Sick and Safe Time Law (ESSTL).  
Eligibility  
All employees working in Minnesota for the Company for 80 hours in any year 
are eligible to receive leave under this policy.  
Accrual and Carryover of Leave  
Employees begin to accrue sick leave on their first calendar day of 
employment with the Company or their date of eligibility under this policy, 
whichever is later.  
Sick leave accrues at a rate of one hour for every 30 hours worked, up to a 
maximum of 48 hours in a benefit year, and an overall accrual cap of 80 hours. 
Employees may carry over all accrued but unused sick leave from one benefit 
year to the next. The Com pany does not pay out any unused sick leave at 
year-end in lieu of carryover.  
13 
 Once an employee's sick leave balance reaches 80 hours, no further sick leave 
will accrue until previously accrued sick leave is used. Employees will not be 
given retroactive credit for any period of time in which they do not accrue sick 
leave because thei r balance was at the accrual cap. For purposes of this policy, 
the "benefit year" is  January 1 to December 31 . 
For accrual purposes, exempt employees are assumed to work 40 hours per 
workweek unless their normal workweek is fewer than 40 hours per week, in 
which case sick leave accrues based upon the employee's normal workweek 
hours. Nonexempt employees accrue sick  leave based on all hours worked, 
including overtime.  
Employees can determine the amount of sick leave available for use by 
reviewing their paystubs.  
Using Leave  
Employees may use sick leave as it accrues.  
Employees must use sick leave in increments of 1 hour.  
Employees are not required to search for or find a replacement worker to cover 
the period during which they use sick leave.  
Covered Reasons for Use  
Sick leave may be used only during times that an employee cannot work for 
the following reasons:  
• The employee's mental or physical illness, injury or health condition; 
need to seek medical diagnosis, care or treatment for the illness, injury 
or health condition; or need for preventive medical or health care.  
• A family member's mental or physical illness, injury or health condition; 
need to seek medical diagnosis, care or treatment for the illness, injury 
or health condition; or need for preventive medical or health care.  
• Closure of the employee's place of business, or family member's school 
or place of care, due to weather or public emergency.  
• The employee's inability to work or telework because the employee is:  
o Prohibited from working by the Company due to health concerns 
related to the potential transmission of a communicable illness 
related to a public emergency; or  
o Seeking or awaiting the results of a diagnostic test for, or a 
medical diagnosis of, a communicable disease related to a public 
emergency and the employee has been exposed to a 
14 
 communicable disease or the Company has requested a test or 
diagnosis.  
• Health authorities having jurisdiction or a health care professional 
determines that the employee's or a family member's presence in the 
community would jeopardize others' health because of the individual's 
exposure to a communicable disease, whether or no t the employee or 
family member has actually contracted the communicable disease.  
• Absences due to domestic abuse, sexual assault or stalking of the 
employee or a family member, provided the absence is to:  
o Seek medical attention related to a physical or psychological injury 
or disability;  
o Obtain services from a victim services organization;  
o Obtain psychological or other counseling;  
o Seek relocation or take steps to secure an existing home; or  
o Seek legal advice or take legal action, including preparing for or 
participating in a civil or criminal legal proceeding.  
For purposes of this policy, "family member" means the employee's:  
• Spouse or registered domestic partner;  
• Child, regardless of age or dependency status (including a biological 
child, adopted child, stepchild, foster child, legal ward, child for whom 
the employee is a legal guardian and child for whom the employee 
stands or stood in loco parentis);  
• Parent (including a biological parent, stepparent and person who stood 
in loco parentis when the employee was a minor child);  
• Grandchild (including a foster grandchild and step grandchild ); 
• Grandparent (including a foster grandparent and step grandparent ); 
• Sibling (including a foster sibling and stepsibling);  
• Parent's sibling;  
• Sibling's child;  
• Any other individual related by blood or whose close association with 
the employee is the equivalent of a family relationship; or  
• Designated person (i.e., a person identified annually by the employee 
as another person for whom the employee requests sick leave).  
A "family member" also includes a family member of the employee's spouse 
or registered domestic partner.  
Notice Required  
If the need to use sick leave is foreseeable, such as for prescheduled medical 
appointments or court dates in domestic violence cases, employees must 
provide at least seven days' advance notice of an absence from work to their 
supervisor or the HR Compliance Manager . If the need to use sick leave is 
15 
 unforeseeable, employees must provide notice to [insert name/contact details 
for appropriate company representative or department] as soon as 
practicable.  
The employee should include the anticipated duration of the absence, when 
possible.  
In all circumstances, employees are responsible for specifying that the time 
off is for sick leave reasons (as opposed to, for example, UUTO), so that the 
absence may be designated as a sick leave absence.  
 
Verification of Absence  
If an employee uses sick leave for more than three consecutive workdays, the 
Company may require a doctor's note or other verification of the employee's 
need for the absence. Depending on the circumstances, verification may 
include a doctor's note (for the employee's or a family member's health 
condition); police report, court document or court order of protection 
(indicating domestic violence, stalking, etc.); and other verification as 
permitted by applicable law.  
The Company will keep confidential any documentation or verification 
information provided regarding leave use, in accordance with federal, state 
and local law.  
Discipline for Unprotected Use of Leave  
Discipline, up to and including termination, may be taken against an employee 
who: 
• Uses sick leave for a purpose not covered by, or in a manner not 
consistent with, the ESSTL; or  
• Violates this policy's requirements concerning requesting, using, 
recording, verifying or documenting sick leave.  
Rate of Pay   
The rate of pay for sick leave will be calculated in accordance with applicable 
law. 
Separation from Employment and Rehire  
16 
 The Company does not pay employees for unused sick leave at any time, 
including upon separation from employment for any reason.  
If an employee is rehired within 180 days of employment ending, the 
employee's previously accrued but unused sick leave balance will be reinstated 
and made available for use in accordance with the ESSTL.  
Antidiscrimination and Retaliation  
If the use of sick leave complies with the requirements of this policy and the 
ESSTL, the Company will not count employees' use of sick leave as an absence 
or "occurrence" under any Company attendance policy. Therefore, any such 
use of sick leave will not lead to or result in discipline, demotion, suspension 
or termination.  
The Company will not retaliate or discriminate against any employee for 
requesting or using sick leave for authorized circumstances; making a 
complaint or informing a person about a suspected violation of this policy; 
cooperating or participating in any in vestigation, administrative hearing or 
judicial action regarding an alleged violation; opposing any policy or practice 
prohibited by any sick and safe time or mandatory paid leave law; or informing 
any person of their potential rights under the law.  
Additional Information  
Employees who have questions about this policy should contact their 
supervisor or the HR Compliance Manager . 
Safety and Security  
Smoke -Free Workplace  
The Company prohibits smoking in the workplace. Employees wishing to 
smoke must do so outside the company facilities during scheduled work 
breaks.  
Employees that observe other individuals smoking in the workplace have a 
right to object and should report the violation to their superviso r or the HR 
Compliance Manager. Employees will not be disciplined or retaliated against 
for reporting smoking that violates Minnesota law or this policy.  
Employees who violate this policy may be subject to disciplinary action, up to 
and including termination.  
Cell Phone Use/Texting While Driving  
17 
 The Company prohibits employees from using cellular phones for business 
reasons while driving or for any reason while driving for work -related purposes 
or driving a company -owned vehicle. Employees should also be aware that in 
addition to being a violation of  Company policy, it is a violation of Minnesota 
law to do any of the following while driving: initiate, compose, send, retrieve 
or read an electronic message (except in a voice -activated or hands -free 
mode); engage in a cell phone call (except in a voic e-activated or hands -free 
mode); participate in video calling; or access stored content on a device.  
